(flames crackling)
(explosion booms)
(intense exciting music)
(singing in Japanese)
(exciting dramatic music)
(exciting heavy metal music)
("Scar" by Tatsuya Kitani)
(singing in Japanese)
-("Scar" by Tatsuya Kitani)
-(singing in Japanese)
-(door opening)
-I told you what would happen
if you ever came into
my chambers again
-without permission, Shunsui!
-I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
-My bad, my bad, my bad!
-My bad?
What kind of an apology is that?
-You incorrigible little-
-(blows landing)
I know I shouldn't
have, Old Man Yama!
But I couldn't help myself!
It's that painting!
I keep wondering what it is!
(Shunsui coughing)
You grumpy old coot.
It is a painting of a monster
that showed up in the Soul
Society a long time ago.
Huh?
We were already facing a threat
to our very existence.
And that monster only
made things worse.
Have no fear.
I do not think it will
ever appear again.
But if I am wrong,
and it does...
(rain falling)
Then you will likely never see
this grumpy old coot again.
(body falling)
-(gasps)
-(rain falling)
Old man!
-(gunshots firing)
-(grunting)
(gunshots fire)
(rain falling)
(blood splattering)
(thunder rumbling)
The head captain of
the Soul Reapers.
And now there you lie
in a pitiful heap.
Shigekuni Yamamoto.
(gentle music)
Let us go, Haschwalth.
[Haschwalth] Sir.
Hmm?
(blades slicing)
Even in death, you
would try and stop me?
(blow landing)
How pathetic.
You soft-hearted old fool.
It's for precisely this
reason that I stopped
considering you one of
the five Special Threats.
Shigekuni Yamamoto.
Tell me, why didn't you
restore your left arm?
You could have ordered
that human girl to do it,
and yet you chose not to.
And I know why.
You didn't want to
exploit the humans.
It's been true all along.
Even in your battle
against Aizen,
you hesitated to
involve Ichigo Kurosaki,
because he's a human.
Even now, against me, you
tried to carry the burden
of the Soul Society, and
the world of the living
on your shoulders alone.
But you failed.
You grew soft,
Shigekuni Yamamoto,
but you weren't always that way.
The members of the original
Thirteen Court Guard Squads
you founded were Court
Guards in name only.
They were lawless
savages, killers,
but that just made them all
the more fearsome as opponents.
And you their leader,
you were no better
than a beast with a sword.
You would sacrifice anything
to crush your enemy.
The lives of your subordinates
meant no more to you
than ashes beneath your feet.
But that all changed, once
you exterminated us Quincies.
Having gained a peaceful
world, you now found
that there were people you
wanted to protect and love.
You developed a sense
of justice and mercy,
and that made you weak.
I wouldn't want you to
die without knowing this,
so I'm going to tell you.
Though the Soul Society
will perish today,
the Thirteen Court
Guard Squad you founded
died along with us a
thousand years ago.
(explosion rumbling)
(rain falling)
Notify every member
of the Stern Ritter.
It's time for us to finish
what we came here to do.
Tell them to show no mercy.
Crush the Soul Society.
(hands slamming)
(air whooshing)
(intense music)
(gasps)
What is that?
Soldat.
Advance.
They're just a bunch
of Quincy grunts.
Hold fast.
We can take these guys!
-(blade squelching)
-(man grunts)
(man yelping)
(blades clashing)
-(man grunts)
-(all shouting)
(blade slices)
(explosion booming)
(arrows piercing)
(tense dramatic music)
(man grunting)
They're too strong.
Need to find some help!
(grunting)
-(flames crackling)
-(somber music)
-(thunder rumbling)
-(rain pouring)
It's over.
(Ichigo trembling)
Please no!
Hold on!
You can't!
Don't die!
(glass shattering)
Ah, there we go.
Finally.
Sorry about that.
We would have busted you
out of that thing sooner
but we ran into a few minor
complications on the way.
Better late than
never though, right?
(grunting)
[Shaz] Who the hell are you?
(chuckles) Doesn't matter.
Well I'm Shaz Domino
of the Stern Ritter.
And by the power given to me by-
(explosion booming)
(gasps)
(deep rumbling)
Come on, don't give up!
(gasps)
(wind rustling)
Hmm?
That Spiritual Pressure!
What the hell was that?
(rain falling)
(soft mysterious music)
What of Rukia and Renji?
Are they both still alive?
[Ichigo] Yeah.
Don't worry about them.
They're alive.
I see.
Thank heaven for that.
I guess it's obvious.
My time is almost done.
I failed in my duty as a captain
of the Thirteen
Court Guard Squads.
I failed to prevent
these monsters
from invading the Seireitei.
(all shouting)
I led so many of my
squad to their deaths.
I brought sorrow
to their comrades
and to their families,
and for what?
Their sacrifice ended
in defeat and disgrace.
I will die with that shame.
But what is all this to you?
You are a human.
This fight isn't your fight.
You have no reason to
risk your life for us.
In fact, you shouldn't even
be here in the first place.
You must forgive me.
I realize I have no right
to place this burden on you.
And yet, I must ask
this one last favor.
Please.
Will you protect the Soul
Society, Ichigo Kurosaki?
(steam hissing)
(loud rumbling)
You feel that, sir?
[Yhwach] Yes.
It must be Ichigo Kurosaki.
Shall I go and purge him?
Not now.
Let us be off.
(blade crashing)
(rocks rumbling)
So it is you.
(rain falling)
[Byakuya] He left without
giving me an answer.
But that's all right.
That's just the
kind of man he is.
I know what his answer
is without him saying it.
I leave it in your
hands, Ichigo Kurosaki.
(blade shattering)
(rain falling)
[Haschwalth] I'll handle
this, Your Majesty.
Ichigo Kurosaki, however you
managed to free yourself,
it'd be a lie to
say I'm unimpressed.
But do you really
intend to fight me
in that weakened and
ragged condition?
You're the leader of
the enemy, aren't you?
Enemy. (scoffs)
You could say that.
But you could also say I'm not.
What the hell's that mean?
Answer me!
Are you the bastard
responsible for destroying
the Soul Society or not?
I am indeed.
(explosion booming)
(tense dramatic music)
[Haschwalth] Your Majesty-
As you can see, Haschwalth,
he leaves us no choice.
For us to ever get out of here,
he must first die.
(explosions booming)
(singing in Japanese)
(blades clashing)
(Ichigo screaming)
(explosion booming)
(body crashing)
[Ichigo] Getsuga.
(gasp)
Tensho!
(explosion booming)
-(body slams)
-(Ichigo grunts)
(dramatic music)
(Haschwalth gasps)
(Ichigo gasping)
(blade clinks)
He's immobilized, but alive.
Bring him to the castle.
Once he's revived, I will
put him to use in my service.
Yes, Your Majesty.
(tense dramatic music)
(Yhwach gasps)
(lights whirring)
[Yhwach] Is that?
No, impossible.
Blut Vene?
(explosion booming)
(intense dramatic music)
(rocks shattering)
Your Majesty!
(lights whirring)
I should have known better.
(blade slicing)
You're right, you should've.
Just 'cause you
dodged a few attacks
doesn't mean the fight's over.
Well it's over now.
(whooshing)
-(blades clinking)
-(Ichigo yelps)
(blades slicing)
[Yhwach] So it's true.
I wasn't imagining it.
What are you talking about?
It seems I might have
made an error in judgment
when I ordered Quilge
Opie to imprison you.
I should have used an
Arrancar to keep you at bay
instead of a true born Quincy.
Because of that mistake,
the memories lying dormant
within your Spiritual Pressure
have awakened too soon.
I assume you must have
exerted vast amounts
of Spiritual Pressure in
your efforts to break free
from Quilge's jail.
The shards of Spiritual Pressure
dispersed by your efforts
must have mixed with
some of Quilge's
own Spiritual Pressure as
they return to your body.
His Quincy Spiritual
Pressure slowly seeped
into the depths of your soul,
drawing forth
memories from the core
of your Spiritual Pressure,
and awakening your
dormant powers.
Quilge's jail was
designed to restrain
the enemies of Quincies.
It was never meant to hold
actual Quincies like us.
What?
What are you saying?
What's all this about
memories, and Quincies?
I'm not following.
I see.
You really don't know the
first thing about yourself,
do you boy?
Not even about your own mother.
(Ichigo gasping)
My original plan was to
take you back with me
and gradually reeducate you.
Hold on.
[Yhwach] But I can see by
the way things are going
that I no longer
have that luxury.
What are you saying?
I see I shall have to use
more forceful means
of persuasion.
(Ichigo gasping)
You just tell me what the
hell you're talking about!
I'll tell you back
at the Wandenreich.
(lights whirring)
(Ichigo gasps)
(lighting crashing)
Qualkreis!
Now then.
Let's see what you're
capable of, Ichigo Kurosaki.
(electricity cackling)
(Ichigo shouting)
Getsuga!
Tensho!
(energy zapping)
(intense dramatic music)
(Ichigo shouting)
(rocks crumbling)
(somber music)
(blade whooshing)
I'll run you through this time!
Not even your Blut Vene
will be able to save you!
Not this time!
(mist whooshing)
No.
It is time to go, Your Majesty.
We've reached the
limit of our time
outside the Schatten Bereich.
We must go back.
It's too soon.
We should still have time.
Of course.
Sosuke Aizen.
This is one of his tricks.
I thought I only spent a
few minutes in that dungeon,
but he must have played
with my sense of time.
You knew this, didn't
you Haschwalth,
but you kept quiet about it.
Would my warning you
have made a difference?
Hmm.
Well, no matter.
Let us go.
(mist whooshing)
(dark dramatic music)
Whoops my time's up.
I have to be going now.
You can't hear me, why
am I even talking to you?
(mist whooshing)
(explosion booms)
Stop!
You're not going anywhere!
After what you did
to the Soul Society!
There's no way I'm
letting you leave here!
I said stop, you bastard!
(blades slicing)
(sword lands)
Farewell, Ichigo Kurosaki.
I will come back for you.
Until then, heal
your wounds and wait.
My son.
Born in the dark.
("Saihate" by SennaRin)
(singing in Japanese)
[Kukaku] I look to the
heavens and chase that star,
burned into my eyes, the
afterglow of its smoke.
-("Saihate" by SennaRin)
-(singing in Japanese)